But what has happened to you over the years?
I would like to know.
What's going on here?
Why did the company appoint you to
The position of manager for Ma
Win or lose. Win or lose.
You are really capable
The sound of sleeping with a man by spreading his legs
Auntie, let's fight
Is it wrong?
I really underestimated you and that little white face.
It actually made Manager Ma afraid of this
The reason why Manager Ma was fired
It's because he did something that has no lower limit
That's what happened today
And why did I take over the position of manager Ma?
You can go to the CEO's office and ask you yourself.
Forget it. Forget it.
Come, come, come
My aunt
This uncle
He's really different.
Someone above him
So what if someone is up there?
My uncle also knows the major shareholder of Fuji
different
So anyway.
This book can't move either
That's all I can say.
To listen or not to listen
It's all your business
Anyway, as long as there is a next time
Go
It must be you
I can rely on the test
Can't you press it?